ICT
These days, when social media is highly used, we would all agree that people are on their phones all the
time. According to comScore’s 2017 given record, the average adult spends almost 3 hours on his/her
smartphone every day. That is approximately 86 hours per month. Can you imagine someone from the
XXIst century spending their day without a smartphone? It is really hard to imagine, since everything we
may need during the day is right in our pocket. However, there were times when cell phones were
excessively rare and not everyone could have them. But as time passes, smartphones are getting even
more and more popular all around the world. Subsequently, it’s getting hard to imagine a world without
them. But who do we need to thank for this world changing invention?
It is known that Alexander Graham invented the telephone in 1876. After a few days he made his first call
to his assistant and told him, “Mr. Watson, come here, I want to see you”. This saying has became
exclusively popular all around the world. Consequently, at every event which A. Graham attended he was
always asked to repeat it again and again.
Despite that, 24 years after the invention of the first phone, other famous inventor named Reginald
Fessenden made the first wireless telephone call. That was a tremendous leap for mankind. Time goes by,
but after inventing the telephone not many things have changed in ICT sphere, since the technologies to
invent something new or improve old inventions were lacking. While the world was waiting for the new
changes, they have been using radio telephones to communicate with each other. These devices were
primitive compared to today’s cell phones. You could make only a few calls per day, that should have been
not more than 3 calls per day. But the most obnoxious thing about it was that you had to wait until
someone ended their conversation before starting the new one. That means that private conversations
those days were almost impossible. Besides that, phones were really expensive and heavy. It wasn’t that
sort of a device you could carry around in your pocket.
Although, right after the invention Bell patented his device (on March 7, 1876) and the device quickly began
to spread around the world. By the end of 1880, there were 47,900 telephones in the United States.
Consequently, other inventors tried to invent  better phones. As a result, in 1973 Motorola introduced the
first handheld cellular telephone.
Now we have more than 20 models of smartphones. Every single one of us can choose what kind of phone
we want, depending on our needs. Nowadays, people are using their smartphones not only for messaging
or calling. We can take pictures with them. For example, we don’t have to buy a camera to take a good
quality picture since phones have been improved so much that it has a camera which can take high quality
pictures. Besides that, it has a decent battery , great screen and impressive design.
All in all, if someone from the past would use a time machine to travel to present, they would be shocked
by how much ICT improved the quality of our everyday life.