The Land of the Red Dragon.
Close your eyes and imagine. You are now standing in one of the biggest and
the most populated cities in the world. You can see enormous skyscrapers
standing in front of your eyes. People are bustling on the streets running
quickly to their work or their appointments and merchants shouting loudly in
order to sell their goods on sale. You have now experienced the typical day in
China.

China has one of the oldest and the most authentic cultures in the world.
Ancient Chinese Culture is older than 5000 years. It was well known for its
Arts and Science, unique and fascinating style of Painting, Sculpting and
Pottery. Chinese culture greatly influenced other Asian countries. People
still believe that China is the place where both divine and mortal people
lived.
Chinese language and writing system are unique, completely different from
our Western languages or whole writing system. Chinese language has
remarkably influenced Eastern Asia languages such as Japanese and
Korean languages, today Japan uses more than 70% of their vocabulary
taken over from China and although symbols have different
pronunciations, the meaning of words are still the same. Chinese may seem
hard, however, the grammatical system is not completely different from
English, so learning grammar of Chinese language for and English person is
not such a hard task. If you are not eager to learn Chinese, it’s not a
problem. More and more people in China are starting to speak English, so
whenever you won’t know if a Chinese person can speak English just say:”
Nĭ huì shuō Yīngyŭ ma? (你会说英语吗)” which literally means “Can you
speak Chinese?”.
China has always been popular for it’s yummy and scrumptious cuisine. In
every Beijing restaurant you can try out Beijing Roasted Duck. Chinese
people have a joke that when you visit China you have do two things: climb
the Great Wall of China and eat Beijing Roasted Duck.
By all means, Chinese have a unique culture, but it has been influenced by
Western culture as well. Nowadays you can find Western shops and
McDonald’s in most of the Chinese cities, so modern people from West will
never get bored of Chinese nightlife. More than 50 million Chinese live
overseas, as a result, western cities now have Chinese quarters. In other
words, Chinese culture has changed western cities as well. China and it’s
culture is a gateway between Western and Eastern world.